<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<ui:composition template="template/main.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">

        <h:form id="home">
            <rich:accordion>
                <rich:accordionItem header="Overview:">
                    <h:graphicImage value="/images/Raspi_Colour_R.png" style="float:right" alt="RaspberryPi"
                                    height="64"/>

                    <p>The Raspberry Pi &reg; is a low cost(~$35), credit-card sized computer that plugs into a computer monitor or TV, and
                        uses a standard keyboard and mouse. It is a capable little device that enables people of all ages to explore
                        computing, and to learn how to program. It’s capable of doing everything you’d expect a desktop computer to
                        do, from browsing the internet and playing high-definition video, to making spreadsheets, word-processing,
                        and playing games. Your reading this from a Raspberry Pi running Java&reg; SE 7 and the JBoss&reg; Java&reg;
                        EE7 Wildfly implementation.
                    </p>
                </rich:accordionItem>
                <rich:accordionItem header="Accessing Your Raspberry Pi">
                    <p>You may access your Raspberry Pi by sshing into it as follows:
                        <code>
                            ssh -l jbosspi #{piApp.ipAddress}
                        </code>
                        using jbosspi as the password when you are prompted.
                    </p>
                    <p>The jbosspi user has sudo access so you can run priviledged commands. You may also
                    simply su to root or login as root. The root password is also jbosspi.</p>

                    <p>
                        The operating system is a version of Fedora 18 called pidora. Once you are logged in,
                        you can explore the installation, check on the Wildfly server status, use yum to install
                        additional packages, etc. The Wildfly installation is located in the ~jbosspi home directory.
                        You can control the server using the service command to run the /etc/init.d/wildfly script:
                        </p>
                        <code>
                            [jbosspi@raspi ~]$ service wildfly
                            Usage: /etc/init.d/wildfly {start|stop|status|restart}
                            [jbosspi@raspi ~]$ service wildfly status
                            wildfly is running (pid 4450)
                        </code>
                    <p>The github project for the Hacknight application on the Raspberry Pi has been cloned
                    into the ~jbosspi home directory. Building on the Pi with maven is rather slow, so what I
                    typically do is build on my laptap, and then scp the war over:</p>
                    <code>
                        scp target/iotweb.war root@mypi:/home/jbosspi/wildfly-8.0.0.Final/standalone/deployments
                    </code>

                </rich:accordionItem>
            </rich:accordion>
        </h:form>
        <br/>
        <rich:panel>
            <h:panelGrid>
                <h:graphicImage url="images/pidora_SD-150x150.png" height="100"/>
                <h:link outcome="http://www.raspberrypi.org"><h:graphicImage url="images/RaspberryPi3-Web-Logo.jpg"
                                                                             height="100"/></h:link>
            </h:panelGrid>
        </rich:panel>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
